Proud to welcome RoboFont 1.1
=============================

Today I am proud to announce the release of RoboFont 1.1, which includes several new features and improvements.

.. Continue Reading

Here are some of the highlights of this release:
------------------------------------------------

Smart side-bearings input.

The numeric input fields for metrics in the Space Center can now handle simple aritmetic expressions like '=e+10-z*10' or '-=10+a'.

Using this syntax, glyph names are dynamically replaced by their value for that metrics field.

Keyboard navigation in Info sheet
---------------------------------

It is now possible to navigate through the Info sheet using the 'tab' key, jumping from one input field to the next.

Improved support for .ttf output
--------------------------------

Generation of TrueType files has been improved and now supports components.

Python files are now document-based
-----------------------------------

Python files in RoboFont now use the native document object for tigther integration with OS X. This means that RoboFont can now be your Python editor of choice.

Support for nested components
-----------------------------

Components can now be nested, so it is possible to build composed glyphs using other composed glyphs as components.

Small bug fixes
---------------

Version 1.0 had a few minor bugs and rough edges which have been fixed in 1.1. Thanks beta testers and forum members for reporting.

New Documenation
----------------

The site has been updated with improved :ref:`documentation`. Massive thanks to `Gustavo Ferreira <http://www.hipertipo.com/>`_ and `Ben Kiel <http://www.benkiel.com/>`_ for helping me out.

|

Have a look at the :ref:`versionHistory` for the full list of changes and additions.

Registered users will receive an email with instructions on how to update.

Trial versions with some test time left can simply download RoboFont again, with the new version (see :ref:`download`).

Student versions can use the same link they have been provided with by their teachers.

Have fun!